Exhale Saga realse2 by Seraph    Email: crsitter@worldchat.com

Install: Unzip this to your Halflife Directory

Thanks for downloading the Exhale saga, levels 1platinum,2platinum,3platinum,4a,4b,,5a,5b, for use with sven coop

[ Editor's note: The first map in this series is exhale1platinum.bsp (_not_ exhale1.bsp) ]


THE EXHALE SAGA

In the exhale saga I am planing on making about 20 levels.
If you have any questions, comments, or would like to help out in the creation of my saga, feel free to email me

The Story:
After you crash landed on the side of a cliff, you had to venture through dangerous mines and up to the surface where
the marines learn of your presence and send wave after wave of enemys to silence you. You and your friends must find away to escape this living hell before
the marines terminate you. You may even have to use enemy vehicles.

Your Mission For Now:  Escape

Thanks To: Illusion, Catdaddy, [AkB]-DaGreatOneMPG, Cromoly, and Thor Stryker, Turpentine -TPF-, Sebbeh, Jason (for the helicopter idea), Splatter -TPF-, Silent~Blade X, Goldfinger (for makeing servers), AKZ mapper, sorry if i forgot anyone, alley cat
                     For helping me out and testing...
 
                                  And                       
                       Burnout64 for all his help and smart ass remarks
                                  and
                  Mad Jonesy for helping me on level 4b and all his help
                                  AND!!
                Most of all Keen for being so nice to compile map after map after map, you all should thank him, if it wasn't for him this project might not have scene the light of day!!! ALL HAIL KEEN!!

Please feel free to email me at crsitter@worldchat.com

Legal stuff: Email me for it
             

side notes: platinum are improved over the original levels and you need to play them to get to the new levels!

Bugs: When running some levels it may say backup past 0 a few times and then stop and freeze, when it freezes its makeing the node graph , wait a min then it should spawn you ingame.

Secrets: Exhale1 is a secret level try and find the entrance to it!